Hello, I'm just another user behind a screen. I like to think I know enough, especially on the software side, but I'm just here to screw around.

I guess I can give highlights of my computer science career

- I'm was the top 3 of my class, not that I'm smart, or everyone is a dumbass, but rather I along with two poggers classmates actually did work. Everyone just played pirated Halo and Far Cry while me and the bois in our own corner slayed away, and since I'm third, the other two goes in the match at last minute, only for our validictorian to kick their asses
- I convice my school to give us modern programming system. For context with computer engineering, the school gives both praises and top quality machines to play with, where as computer science, they activly try to kill it. Using software from 1990 like JGrasp and scratch, the same program that the school argues it's powerful, but last I check it can control a drone, and I prefer it to ram it into my head. When my arguement of 'Hey, we're going to a competition, look at our, the schools, shitty robot.' I tricked them to at least allow visual studio code, the same program that's the equivalent of a kid riding a bike, but with no wheels on the freeway
- I have scraps of papers with shit yet funny projects. Only found them years later and first one was 'A virus that makes a racist read black history and quiz them or X-Rated spongebob will play.' I'm honestly shock I forgot, let alone attempt to program a skeleton of it
- I got into game development by a nounce who wanted to fulfill his fantasy by programming it and hiding it as a game. Then I got into programming by very shitty hacker movie scene that looking back now, not sure why I didn't pull the TV back onto me, ultimatly changing the US statistic of how many people die by falling TVs by one
- The ethical hacking side that made me start to research and prep all started when people with good gamer chairs ruined games, and I wanted to see how come AAA studios can't tell the difference between a professional, and someone who traveled at high speeds and killing the entire lobby. Then I just fell in love with it like a parent who only accepted their child once they became a CEO of something

Java has always been my most studied but I do want to start Python soon. My goal is to make something with my potato running. God why did I not quit early on, I could have been a doctor or something.
